What else is wrong with you?
I was scolding him just now
It seems really good
Nothing uncomfortable
That would be fine.
By the way, what happened last night?
What is this?
This is the root cause of your headaches
This black base
It's called Devouring Origin.
Once long-term contact
Will be swallowed by consciousness
Eventually become a puppet of others
All right.
I have removed the source of devouring
This bracelet
There's no problem.
However, because Sun Shangming is there
The added Devouring Origin of this bracelet is too powerful
And you're too weak
Yesterday for a short period of time
Your psychic power has been swallowed
So for a while
I'm going to give you a treatment every month.
To cure the pain
If it's okay
I'll go back first
If you have any questions, please call me anytime.